# Experiential DSP Exercise 09

## Narrowband and Wideband Spectrograms.

In this assignment, we explore the "spectrogram," which is a graphical plot of the log magnitude of what is known as the time-dependent Fourier transform (to be studied in EC516 soon). The spectrogram is generated by using a windowing process to generate a two dimensional plot that shows the frequency content of a signal as a function of time. Longer windows yield "narrowband" spectrograms and shorter windows yield "wideband" spectrograms. In this exercise, we want to visualize the difference between a narrowband spectrogram plot and a wideband spectrogram plot.

1. Place `ece516.wav` in your current MATLAB folder (check with `pwd` or use the Current Folder pane).
2. Read the audio and sampling rate, `[y, Fs] = audioread[ece516.wav]`.
3. Set `nfft = 1024`.
4. Set `win_len_ms = 100`. This is the length of the window in milliseconds that will be used for segmenting the audio.

5. Based on the window length, compute the number of samples and store it in the `win_len_samp` variable.
6. Design the window as `win = hamming(win_len_samp)`.
7. Calculate the number of overlapping samples in each window as: `noverlap = round (win_len_samp * 0.5)`.
8. Now plot your **Wideband** spectrogram with the command `spectrogram (y, win, noverlap, nfft, Fs, 'yaxis')`. Use sufficient labeling to make your figure more descriptive.
9. Repeat steps 1-8 this time for `win_len_ms = 200`. Create your plot for the **Narrowband** spectrogram.

Compare the two spectrogram plots. In a sentence or two, qualitatively describe the differences between them. Focus on how different frequency components are separated and how frequency changes as a function of time are captured by each spectrogram.
